{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [\uc0\u31995 \u32479 ] \u27491 \u22312 \u21152 \u36733 \u27169 \u22411 : group_a_dataset.ifc ...\
\uc0\u24320 \u22987 \u20998 \u26512  30 \u20010 \u26500 \u20214  (HITL \u38408 \u20540 : 0.65)...\
\
1. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2wNolPhYP8jedoCo0cg18j -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
2. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0SrjR1$_DFBfhikSbihlOm -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
3. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2iCkY5$Gn25AS1ROLyjGru -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
4. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3$reUEjGfFpOdQv3nMDcIw -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
5. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2D4PmCM8D47h2r6hj4PPSz -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
6. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2LBCZ4Sa52lw8Ag2knpIiJ -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
7. [!] 1qfCpCSsb0ceIl8Gy9eBUq -> CURTAIN_WALL         (Conf: 0.4) | NEEDS_REVIEW\
8. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0s6bAb3zH4hBv8OcOddWYp -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
9. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1A7HxPmIT90AM0n1pAPghb -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
10. [!] 38mojf6xL8CgVfXRivUDcQ -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.4) | NEEDS_REVIEW\
11. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2SBOiXnDrDRfqXnbqA0x8I -> ROOF_SLAB            (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
12. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2WWmJRfnDD08Apq4gQdPcv -> ROOF_SLAB            (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
13. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0Ii8wG8I90_QrBqWcYZ2B2 -> ROOF_SLAB            (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
14. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1vPO6MKZfA_8o8aWLDqBTI -> INTERIOR_FLOOR_SLAB  (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
15. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0mWeM1FKD33hifZwlyfosr -> ROOF_SLAB            (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
16. [\uc0\u10003 ] 19iLKAyE56heQ7hcU1YIMW -> STAIR_LANDING        (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
17. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3z4pCnrvj9JOFTkoQhUn22 -> FOUNDATION_SLAB      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
18. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3fjIOb9FrBL9ZWgt0_5OFm -> BALCONY              (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
19. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0TE7mFz19DTBP5D5lAIDMg -> STAIR_LANDING        (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
20. [\uc0\u10003 ] 0t21HhNlP7ShKcWV3f$dci -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
21. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1EKHl2CNLFI8xGQJaXWqfK -> GENERIC_ELEMENT      (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
22. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2vUK1TwHz1mg9S6opYPnGb -> EXTERIOR_WALL        (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
23. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3i$Rt6XCTAHegxSpoxKCpi -> INTERIOR_WALL        (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
24. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3DAPto82P94uXSrugIIJsi -> SHEAR_WALL           (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
25. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1weOHbb0D3QAKgPej4tBlh -> INTERIOR_WALL        (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
26. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1TcBhSEZHBcQyV7eCSnJwR -> INDOOR_PARKING       (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
27. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1JGsPltibF9eg9P2zoRgKH -> GENERAL_ROOM         (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
28. [\uc0\u10003 ] 2PM7Jgz29CN8DitZK7CRz9 -> GENERAL_ROOM         (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
29. [\uc0\u10003 ] 3Lo6CdyNP9Vh0OehiWojOs -> GENERAL_ROOM         (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
30. [\uc0\u10003 ] 1p_J86OqnFb95dYfLRy6k0 -> INDOOR_PARKING       (Conf: 0.95) | AUTO_MAPPED\
\
========================================\
\uc0\u20998 \u26512 \u32467 \u26463 \u12290 \u33258 \u21160 \u36890 \u36807 : 28 | \u38656 \u20154 \u24037 \u22797 \u26680 : 2\
========================================\
\
--- \uc0\u24453 \u22797 \u26680 \u28165 \u21333  (HITL Queue) ---\
GUID: 1qfCpCSsb0ceIl8Gy9eBUq\
  Guess: CURTAIN_WALL (Conf: 0.4)\
  Why: The IFC Class is explicitly defined as IfcCurtainWall, and the allowed category includes 'CURTAIN_WALL'. Additionally, the Pset_CurtainWallCommon confirms the element's external nature, aligning with typical curtain wall characteristics.\
--------------------\
GUID: 38mojf6xL8CgVfXRivUDcQ\
  Guess: GENERIC_ELEMENT (Conf: 0.4)\
  Why: The IFC class IfcRamp typically represents a sloped surface used for accessibility or movement between levels. However, due to the lack of predefined type, externality information, and specific property set data, the functional category cannot be determined with high specificity. The dimensions and naming convention suggest a generic ramp structure, aligning it with the GENERIC_ELEMENT category.\
--------------------}